Update README.md (#20)
defenseunicorns/Defense-Unicorns-Culture: README.md

# Defense Unicorns' Culture
This repo is a living document of Defense Unicorns' culture. 

> Everyone at the company is encouraged to take ownership of our culture, values, and principles. You can propose changes to this document by clicking the edit button in the top righthand corner and opening a Pull Request (PR) against it. Here is a helpful guide to [formatting with Github markdown](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Everyone at the company is encouraged to take ownership of our culture, values and principles. You can propose changes to this document by clicking the edit button in the top righthand corner and opening a Pull Request (PR) against it. Here is a helpful guide to [formatting with Github markdown](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax).
```

## About Defense Unicorns

> Defense Unicorns exists to develop elegant and simple to use products, that enable mission heroes to stream software delivery so they can focus on the most important challenges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defense Unicorns exists to develop elegant and simple to use products, that enable mission heroes to streamline software delivery so they can focus on the most important challenges.
```

## Our Mission

Streamlining software delivery so **you** can focus on the most important challenges.

> # Our Three Uniques

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Our Three Uniques
```

> Our three uniques are the things that differentiate Defense Unicorns from other organizations. Our focus on these three things are truly what sets our company apart and help create a key part of the company's identity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our three uniques are what sets Defense Unicorns apart and form key parts of our identity.
```

- **Focus on Open Source Product**
- **Authenticity**
- **Talent**

> # Our Core Values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Our Core Values
```

Our core values allow us to summarize and define who we are. We are: 

- **Focused**
- **Mission-Driven**
- **Humble**
- **Caring**
- **Adaptable**

> Stating who we are enables us to attracted other like-minded unicorns in from the wild to join our company and we're excited to see what they will add to our culture. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stating who we are enables us to attract other like-minded unicorns in from the wild to join our company. We're excited to see how they will uniquely enrich our culture!
```

> # Our Principles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Our Principles
```

> A principle is “a fundamental truth or proposition that serves as the foundation for a system of belief or behavior or for a chain of reasoning." Our Principles describe how we do things. We will continue to encourage living these principles on a daily basis and encouraging the development of individual habits that are authentic to each 🦄. Our guiding principles will help to encourage desirable incremental improvements every day and the world truly advances as a result of organizations that actualize small incremental improvements over long periods of time. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A principle is “a fundamental truth or proposition that serves as the foundation for a system of belief or behavior or for a chain of reasoning." Our Principles describe how we do things. We value the active application of our principles, acknowledging that they are truly principles only when put into action. Principles not lived, are not principles at all.
```

> Principles not lived, are not principles at all. We allow any Unicorn to propose new principles. We then adopt principles that we not only believe in, but that are reflected in daily life and habits.  When new principles are proposed, they start off as Sandbox Values.  After 30% of the company adopts daily habits around a sandbox principle, it is then promoted as an Incubating Values. Following 75% contribution over 6 months, a company value can be promoted to Graduated.  At any point, a Graduated or Incubating Values can be demoted or removed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We strive to embody our guiding principles daily, fostering authentic habits unique to each team member at Defense Unicorns. Emphasizing the significance of incremental improvements, we believe that real progress comes from sustained efforts over time.

That being said, we welcome input from any Unicorn to propose new principles, adopting those that align with our beliefs and are reflected in our daily practices. These proposed principles start as Sandbox Values, progress to Incubating Values with widespread adoption, and eventually become Graduated Values after significant contribution over time.
```

- Default to action - follow up and accountability
- Evolved to ownership to bookend beginning the work

### Velocity

*Advocate: [Gabe Scarberry](https://github.com/ntwkninja) & [Phillip Record](https://github.com/phillip-record)*

**What does Velocity mean in Defense Unicorns?** 

> We define Velocity as the efficiency at which mission-value is delivered (speed and direction). It is characterized by how we learn, adapt, and the urgency at which we move towards mission value. We optimize for speed and quality because our mission heroes deserve it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

We define Velocity as the efficiency at which mission-value is delivered. We achieve this by focusing on speed (simplicity + time to value) and direction (quality + value delivered). It is characterized by how we learn, adapt and the urgency at which we move towards mission value.
```

**Why is Velocity important to Defense Unicorns?**
The world is constantly evolving, and software is at the forefront of that change. Velocity matters because we need each other to deliver mission value faster and better than our adversaries in order to provide the mission outcomes that our heroes depend on. 

> Velocity matters because we need all the thrust and vector we can acquire to generate inertia needed for the journey ahead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
